Mydo Today is the introduction of the world's best ki stick rod
Hmmm
First of all, it is most commonly used in this kitchen knife , so make sure you never go ahead
The
This kitchen knife is good at slicing , so this leaf part is made thin
I will sit down
Karaka matter that we use a chrome molybdenum steel material even makes the waist like a spring
During ~
The tail is also very
I think that was cute but please wipe quickly way to wash easy child to
This does not rust but do not use playing detergents
Since then, the biggest feature of this kitchen knife is to know this
The angle of the hips up is natural and it will not be intrusive
Don't get tired even if you work in the kitchen, so let's cut it today . Hard things are by force.
I like this feeling part tomato because expires
I will not be able to catch this.
It is made you'll then fun and this is I think not is such a thing at home but
I wonder if it's heavy with this one
Next is the tomato covered with wrapped rap processing
In a cell that can only be loaded without pressure
If it is a green pepper , it is only pulling this
It is onions Masu left at this scale how if not tears
What about sushi party you are with your home
this
Jobs in only Yeah I doing only way pull it this way as how to use on this law Sachi draws
Because
Is this next good?
Please see a little bit, but the destination is round but with leaves
Please pull in this way
You can easily Chai time of squid somen
It's a pork cut but please make it straight now
It's easy to break it, isn't it today?
Also placed first huge Let 's try to make the winner's in May
next
After all please press a little
Well then it's next time, so today I cut it a while ago
It's a tomato
So this or overlaps on the
Then go live in March and make it delicious
If it is this, it will be easy already, and the woman will enjoy cooking on the cat
How is this piece of foot